what's up everybody mchenry cruiser the
cruiser man i was asked the other day
how how to find happiness like what do I
gotta do to be happy all I want to do
somebody was complaining me all I want
to do is be happy they said how do you
find it where is it yeah is it is it
difficult to find is it like you're
Indiana Jones in the desert tour in the
Middle East somewhere looking for an
ancient relic I don't think you can find
happiness I am it's a little bit too
much pressure because once you find it
how happiness you got hold on to it like
you're in The Lord of the Rings my
precious you're gonna have goblins and
monsters and wizards coming at you I
want your happiness that's that's my
precious you're gonna have to have an a
or 47 or whatever God it is they're
currently trying to make illegal they
stay away it's mine people the majority
of them are miserable and if you are
again it's crab mentality i made a video
about crab mentality you know when crabs
reach the top of the bucket there at the
seafood restaurant the Red Lobster other
crabs yang come back down so again it's
like we build up stores Miley Cyrus
Hannah Montana yes you're the greatest
in the world huh I bought your backpack
get up to the top of the bucket because
we root for the underdog right on then
once they're at the top oh you whore you
will you you do you wrote around naked
on a wrecking ball get back down you
sluts that's a little bit too much
happiness for you to have off the top of
the bucket for you people don't want you
to be happy no cuz it makes other people
who aren't happy jealous i'm jealous i'm
jealous of celebrities I'm green with
envy when uh Justin Bieber comes on the
radio i turn it off I've never heard of
Justin Bieber song I couldn't even if I
did hear one I would not recognize it as
Justin Bieber I probably god this is
great yes I'm having the time of my life
what is via name of this this a great
singer that's uh motivated me to start
dancing in my car in the park Bieber I'm
going to turn that off I feel like I got
uh audio aids is what I feel like I got
right now I'm yes comparing Justin
Bieber to AIDS that's what that was that
was that whole act
was Justin Bieber is to aids as peanut
butter is to jelly is that what that
means no peanut butter and jelly I like
a team yes I'm saying Justin Bieber plus
aids is like a team effort maybe to
infect I young ladies ages 12 to 15 i
don't know maybe there's a little bit
too much of 12 to 15 year old young
ladies walking around the earth and the
government was like we gotta get rid of
this where it's Dick Cheney formulate a
plan Justin Bieber and AIDS yes wipes
out the 12 to 15 year-old female
population that's what we need to do
that's how we're gonna achieve happiness
that's how dick cheney would be happy he
needs war like every every year he means
a new war he's like damn it the war
ended let's come on let's go let's bomb
Syria let's do something I need a new
war I'm only happy if people are dying
okay and I'm living in a bad i'm
responsible for it come on let me bomb
some shits now to be happy we can only
be content aim for contentment happiness
is like eating a cookie haha a bowl of
ice cream huh having sex with a girl
that does not have aids and you know
that for a fact because you made or do
the paperwork before hand and you're
enjoying it it's a fleeting moment
that's all happiness is fleeting moments
the ice cream is good when you eat it
only lasts for about 10-15 minutes
before you're done with the pool and
then your butt your back the tears tears
because we typically eat ice cream one
or sad know that Justin Bieber song it
lasts about three minutes you get the
audio aids and then and then that's
enough then you're infected for the rest
of your life that candy bar haha it
looks like a penis if you are a UH a
teen girl you're probably imagining
Justin Bieber has a chocolate penis
maybe you're practicing your skills on
it and and when I say teenage girl of
course I mean the age of 18 nobody under
the age of 18 would imagine that a
chocolate bar is a penis none of you
would do that because you're hard on
your education your you're studying hard
on your education I don't know why you
would type at a book but yeah maybe
you're reading on the Kindle and you're
typing to get to the next page because
you're
speed reader can you do it really fast
but yeah all those things are fleeting
moments happiness is fleeting okay last
for a little bit and then it's gone okay
and then and then maybe you're sad again
or maybe your content again that's why
you strive to be content content being
content isn't pressure because when
you're trying to keep happiness up
that's a lot of pressure it's like in
that movie speed when Keyano reused was
driving the bus and he had to stay over
50 miles an hour because if he dropped
if the speedometer dropped under 50
miles an hour the bus was gonna blow up
he's like oh holy s word I got to keep
this over 50 miles an hour oh no there's
a there's a break in the road we gotta
punch on the gas and try to put some
nods in the in the engine or in the gas
tank or something so we can make the
jump and we got to keep above 50 and
that's what trying to remain happy all
the time is it's driving a bus over 50
miles an hour without letting the
speedometer drop or gonna blow up that's
what trying to be happy all the time is
and if you try to aim for happiness all
the time you're bound to be disappointed
because there's gonna be gaps fight like
on that road that the bus has to jump
over there's gonna be a long gap where
you're not happy and what you're gonna
be like I'm not happy so I'm depressed
let me listen to just some Justin Bieber
and get some audio aids and just in my
life right now because happiness comes
in short bursts okay like an ejaculating
penis coming out of a chocolate bar
candy bar that's like an ejaculating
penis this is my dream you would say if
you were an 18 year old girl if you were
any younger than n Dick Cheney what it
killed you already okay with the audio
eights but yeah fleeting moments that's
happiness and that's all you can ask for
moments of happiness and then in between
the moments of happiness like combining
it all together like a cosmic web in the
universe moments long moments of being
content with your life being content
it's where it said that's what you need
you need be in content and then those
moments of happiness that keep you going
it's like you're driving a car you can
tents on the road trip occasionally you
got to stop off for gas
I'm going to put happiness in the gas
tank and then you're back on the road
tripping content again and and that
those occasional stops at the gas
station for happiness that keeps you
going in life those are your goals that
you work on that keep you excited and
keep going and keep you moving keep you
getting up and going to work and headed
out the door because you know you're
gonna go to Hawaii in the three months
okay and you look forward to that every
day you get your your moment of
happiness there on the beach in Hawaii
getting the deal wraparound next thing
they put on you if they still do that I
don't know but they did in the eighties
and then you go enjoy I alcoholic
beverage on the beach and there's your
happiness and then you go back home to
be in content that's what you do so hope
I've given you some good advice aim to
be content aim for moments of happiness
because it's fleeting it stops at the
gas station that's all it is and then
you're back to being content but that's
good because there's no pressure with
being content there's just being relaxed
it's like that alcohol like a drink you
had on the beach just hit you now you're
dry you're driving drunk back home I
don't know then maybe hit somebody and
you die but at least you are content on
the way there it is ladies and gentlemen
till next time boom